Enhance UG (#162)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Filters the guest list using values inputted by you.

Format: `guest filter [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [r/RSVP_STATUS] [tn/TABLE_NUMBER] [d/DIETARY REQUIREMENT]… [t/TAG]…`

>Tips:
><br>
>- Items in square brackets are optional.
><br>
>- Parameters can be in any order.
><br>
>- A filter command can have any number of tags or dietary requirements (including 0).
><br>

> >- Specifying an empty parameter will filter out guests with unfilled specified parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Specifying an empty parameter (e.g. `p/`) will filter out guests with this parameter unfilled.

Filters the vendor list using values inputted by you.

Format: `vendor filter [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…`

>Tips:
><br>
>- Items in square brackets are optional.
><br>
>- Parameters can be in any order.
><br>
>- A filter command can have any number of tags (including 0).
><br>

> >- Specifying an empty parameter will filter out vendors with unfilled specified parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Specifying an empty parameter (e.g. `p/`) will filter out vendors with this parameter unfilled. 
```
